# Body Parser

We need to **parse** the body of incoming requests. However, by default, it is not that easy to handle that, and the data is not in a pretty format. There is a package called **body-parser** whose job is to help us to parse the data.

By default, this library supports **URL encoded** and **JSON** data, but not files or media. To install the package use the following command:

    $ npm install --save body-parser

After the installation, you need to add it and set it up in your app.js file. First of all, let's import it at the top:

```js
// app.js
...
const bodyParser = require('body-parser');
...
```

After importing, you need to set up the middleware, so it knows what kind of bodies you want to parse. You can add more than one body type. Here we will add both URL encoded and JSON bodies. You need to set them up right after importing the routes.

```js
// app.js
...
 app.use(bodyParser.urlencoded({extended: false}));
...
```

Here **extended** means that the body can have reach data or not, and it takes true or false accordingly. It is recommended to set it false by default.

But so far we are not supporting JSON bodies, so let's add that support right after the first body parser:

```js
// app.js
...
app.use(bodyParser.json());
...
```

Now, this middleware will automatically catch both types of bodies before checking the routes. So, inside the routes, we can easily extract the requests’ bodies.

> Now your project is ready to parse the body of incoming requests. In the next lesson, we will add them in both the /users and /codes routes.
