# nodemon

Now we have the primary routing, and we can test each route with Postman. However, after each change, we need to **restart** the server where we usually forget.

There is an npm package named "**nodemon**" which restarts the server whenever we make some changes. Let's install this package and set it up properly, so we don't need to restart the server manually after each change.
To install the package, use the following command: 

  $ npm install --save-dev nodemon

> Note that we used **--save-dev** for the option. The **--save** part means that it will add this package inside the package.json file's dependencies and the **-dev** part indicates that it will add it inside **devDependencies**, because we don't need such a tool when we publish or host our server.


After installation, you can check the package.json file for the following lines (the version may vary): 

```json
// package.json
"devDependencies": {
  "nodemon": "^1.18.3"
}
```

But just installing it is not sufficient. We need to set it up in our package.json scripts. For now, our script is the following: 
```json
// package.json
"scripts": {
  "test": "echo \"Error: no test specified\" && exit 1"
}
```

This does not do anything specific, so let's remove it and replace it with the following:
```json
// package.json
"scripts": {
  "start": "nodemon server.js"
}
```

Now you need to run the following command to start the server: 

    $ npm start

> It will start the nodemon server, which constantly watches all the changes (even comments) and restarts the server on each change.